Bodo Tristan back with another video and
in this video I'm taking a look at a
recent pickup of the adidas Stan Smith
sneakers now I'm not a big sneaker head
or don't have a whole lot of athletic
shoes but I generally like the more
retro tennis shoes and that's what these
are these are a span Smith design Stan
Smith was a tennis player professional
tennis player back in the you know 60s
and 70s he designed his own sneaker and
he's got the sort of greening white
colorway but they also come in like this
part being red and I think they have one
that also comes in navy I definitely
like the green and as you can see you
know it's got an all leather upper as
well so very comfortable to they fit
quite well they run true to size on your
brand and size so these happen to be the
8 now 8 ft which is you know what I
measure on the braddock and I believe
adidas stopped making these for a while
and then recently brought them back
within maybe the last 5 years or
something like that
so they're pretty you know they're
pretty nice shoe and they've been
popular for the last several years maybe
they're almost played out to an extent
now because people like Kanye West's to
wear these with a suit sometimes do
things like that but for the price of
under about us $80 you know they're
pretty good athletic shoes and should
last quite a lot a long time
and they have a sort of simple
understated styling to them as well but
that I really like let me show you the
sole here
so really cool shoes and I think they're
a pretty dope
now adidas also brought back another
shoe by a different photo former tennis
former pro tennis player and that's
these these are the rod laver shoes no
these are the old versions I actually
have had these for probably like 7 years
or something and I'm sort of hesitant to
get rid of them because what happened
was during that time adidas
stopped making the Rod Laver shoe and
then just recently I think within the
last year or so brought them back so
these are the old versions and these are
definitely kind of in need of replacing
they're kind of and getting a little bit
long on the tooth and worn out but
they're very comfortable shoes and you
can kind of see the difference is that
these don't have a full leather upper
these have morals up under an all nylon
or something I'm not sure the material
but sort of a more open designing a more
light feel and also probably more cool
as well in terms of you know how hot
your feet are gonna get because they're
not fully leather these also come in
green as well these happen to be the
navy color but these are also some very
good shoes too and if you're looking for
something that's not a full leather
upper you might consider there rob
waivers and why don't I go ahead and
show you these shoes next to the brand
new Stan Smith so you can kind of just
see the little bit of the difference
there
I think both of these shoes are really
cool and quite doe like I said I've been
wearing the wrong labels for several
years and they've been very cocky with
women then I just recently picked up the
Stan Smith's new
you